so you've taken an interest in my
portfolio
that's awesome so a little look behind
the curtains in my portfolio
you see we'll have the index page here
which is really quite simple
you know we have the head section where
we import a few of the
css files then in the body we
it's mainly just two parts it's the nav
and then there's the the javascript
module
which is the part that cycles through
the different logo designs
so the tricky part behind my portfolio
is
the the index.js page
now it's pretty straightforward but
basically
what it does is that it takes different
modules that we've created
and uses them as plate hole placeholders
as it then
cycles through them swapping
each other out as you click on one
so we have the simple you know the class
page the constructor here
then the items for the extend
and the section part the article
and all these are i believe nav
related to yep current items pages
then we have the footer section where we
just have the
you know today basically
name and date then
our nav menu this bit here is the
important part where it
puts our pages into
into the menu basically and iterates
through them as we add to it
in that little section there
then the portfolio this is basically
just adding a constructor where we
declare the items and create a new
instance of them
and yeah it's pretty straightforward
uh the item modules are blank the index
is literally just creating an array
for all the objects is essentially what
it's doing
where we have the id the item name
and so on and so forth where these are
all actually
empty uh the pages
are roughly about the same except we
just put
filler content inside of them that's
needed the javascript is very much the
same with
creating the export array
um then we have our image
folder where we have the different logos
that we then iterate through
now these are tied to the logo modules
which is important so for each image
that has its own module or corresponding
module to it
the main cs is basically a default
bootstrap
3.2.0 which i then altered to get the
proper look that i wanted
and made sure elements were contrasting
and yeah that's a brief
look under the hood of how i set up my
profile
thank you